====================
Root Directory Files
====================

There are a lot of files in the root directory.
The purpose of this file is to document what each of the files are used for.

--------------------

.. contents:: **Table of Contents**

--------------------

Files
=====

``.codecov.yml``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The configuration file for codecov.io_, a tool to automatically detect and process test coverage.

Currently the file is set up such that after the tests are run, there will be no status check.
In the future, this file will be change so that if the commit results in a significant decrease in code coverage, there will be a status check at a failing state.

``.gitignore``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Tells git which files and directories should not be tracked.

``.travis.yml``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The configuration file for travis-ci.org_, a continuous integration tool.

Currently the file runs the test suite and notifies codecov.io_ of changes on success.
Ideally Python 3.9 would also be automatically tested, but I'm not sure how to set that up.

``conf.py``
~~~~~~~~~~~
The configuration file for the Sphinx documentation builder.

``example.py``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
An example of ``racketinterpreter``.

``index.rst``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The Sphinx documentation master file.
Also the documentation homepage.

``LICENSE.rst``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
An MIT license.

``make.bat``
~~~~~~~~~~~~
An autogenerated file that makes simplifies the processes for generating documentation.

``Makefile``
~~~~~~~~~~~~
An autogenerated file that makes simplifies the processes for generating documentation.

``README.rst``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
An introduction to the project.

``requirements.txt``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The packages (and their versions) that this project depends on.

In the future it will be split into sections for documentation, publishing, and the project itself.

``setup.py``
~~~~~~~~~~~~
Used in the process of generating distribution archives.
Specifies metadata about the project.

.. _codecov.io: codecov.io
.. _travis-ci.org: travis-ci.org
